[Music]
I know there are relatives here under this lake.
That's why Thai Doan prepared
gifts, called "homeland gifts," to give to our
relatives. The material things aren't much,
but the feelings are very much. I hope our
relatives will accept the love of
homeland. Vietnamese people have very deep
feelings for their homeland, no matter where they go. If they see
other Vietnamese people together, they will
cherish each other, just like being at home.
[Music]
Our Vietnamese Cambodian relatives
here have particularly difficult circumstances,
living completely on this sea. This
is something that is very challenging.
[Music]
[Applause]
I also hope that our Vietnamese children and grandchildren here will learn to read and write, so they can integrate into society, understand things, and make our lives less difficult, happier, and better.
[Music] ...
m k
image
[Clapping]
[Music]
K
I